There are some concepts that I answer in
the concept section of these courses.
In the future, if you go and
get curious about any of the subjects,
you can always use this resource, and I
will be keeping it up to date, hopefully.
[LAUGH] Cool, and we just take a look at
a lot of the three JS functionality.
I just want to touch a little bit of
the same thing doing it with Babylon.js.
And just want to tell you a little
bit about the other tools that
are available to you.
At the beginning, I mentioned we have
some components libraries for a HoloLens,
but you can use exactly the same
components with also Oculus for example.
Because they have the same hand tracking,
and
most of the components are very useful for
hand tracking.
And the good news is if you
are interested in developing with Unity,
then you can change this, well,
render this as a very exciting experience.
But if you are not familiar with Unity,
let me warn you,
developing with Unity is a much longer
process than working on the Web.
And this is one of
the advantages of the Web.
Every time you write your function and
press play,
everything works, almost instantly.
Whereas if you are on a Unity or
Unreal Engine,
you have to build it, deploy it,
and it's a much longer process.
But it is really cool to have this option.
So, let's talk a little
bit more about Babylon.js.
There's a new version of Babylon as
of last week or the week before,
and there are lots of
really cool functionality.
One of the things that they
are working on is Native Support
with Babylon Native and
Babylon Native React.
So basically,
you can write the same JavaScript file and
be able to deploy it to an Android or
iOS device.
And whenever the WebXR
capabilities are not supported,
then they will use the underlying AR core
or AR kits to render exactly the same.
So this gives us a little bit more
options, little bit more functionality,
and the cool thing is the Native
version also works on HoloLens,
I'm really happy about that.
So Babylon Native is a the new
thing that is, we're trying and
it's good to know that
you could write it once.
And the toolings that we mentioned,
a new material editor,
and also particle editor where you
could create particles that kind of
looks like simulations or
visual effects, which is really nice.
One thing that came with the new
release was hand interactions,
which I'm so happy to see.
And now if you want to build for
Oculus or HoloLens,
now you have a way of doing that.
Teleportation is the way we move from
one place to the other in a VR or
experience without having
to go the distance.
And this is one of the things that
got improved with the tooling.
So I want to show you the basic
WebXR set up here as well.
First thing that we do is create
our scene and set it as usual.
One thing I want to point out here is
that our camera is not on the centre,
in this case and looking at the centre.
I recommend not to do this, instead,
create the camera always in the centre,
just in case,
in the future,
you might want to do that or
other people can see it
if it's in a HoloLens.
Or any other experience that uses
the center as the user camera app.
If you remember hours ago, here, we have
the controllers attached to our camera so
we can have interaction with our objects.
We have a light intensity,
everything is the same.
But one thing that we add for VR in our
experience is just one line of code.
In this case, which is the helper, and
that creates the default
experience async function.
What this does is everything
you need to do to have AR or
VR capabilities almost automatically.
It has some default values, and
if you're okay with the default values,
you can just put one line of code and
then you have the option.
So it looks like it's just VR.
If you want to give some options to it,
you can do that, too.
Or you can use the base
XR experience helper
instead of creating a default experience.
Based experience is what
this default experience
async is also using under the hood.
It has more flexibility, and
with everything that has more flexibility,
more responsibility comes.
You have to make sure that
you create your session and
you keep track of your session.
And one good part of it is it has
observables of the XR states,
which you can use.
If, like me, you are a big fan of RXjs or
any observable library,
you can add that here as well.
I have some cool demo links for
the Babylon.js functionality,
and some resources for you.
One of them is Learn XR Reddits, if you
have any questions you wanna ask, join us.
We have a few channels for
WebXR Babylon or XR in general.
If you want to learn things or
what is coming out with the new tools or
new hardware.
One other thing I want to mention again,
I think I mentioned it early on,
is mixed reality resources.
Here, you can find all of the places
that you can you can get some assets and
interesting blog posts about design,
developments, and
also attending any of the meetups and
conferences.
This is a cool resource.